I'm running seven marathons on all seven
continents in one week. And yes, that
includes Antarctica.
This evening, me and the other racers
flew down to Antarctica, which was the
only rest time we had after running a
marathon in Africa this morning. I
cannot believe we're here. This is so
crazy. They literally just landed this
plane on an ice runway. Antarctica
marathon, let's go!
More people have climbed Mount Everest
than have attempted this challenge. It
was -20° C with wind chill, and my tears
literally froze to my face. The wind is
brutal. This wind is crazy.
>> is doing it. One lap down, nine to go.
One of the risks of running in
Antarctica is snow blindness, so I'm
wearing these special glacier glasses to
protect my eyes 360.
This might be cut-off time.
18 miles left now. This is so hard.
>> But as difficult as it was, it was hard
to ignore how stunning it was.
>> Wait a second, it's so pretty. My
goodness. And I'm really proud to say
that I just barely made the cut-off time
at 6 hours and 26 minutes.
Antarctica is in the bag. But the
journey continues. I just crossed the
finish line like 5 minutes ago, and
we're already on route to marathon
three. Follow to see me attempt marathon
three in Australia. Crikey.